 Tonight, President Trump addressed a joint Congress for the first time since his return to the White House. The speech took place in the Capitol amid tense negotiations abroad and a looming trade war affecting millions of Americans. ABC's Christian Cordero has the details and joins us live from Capitol Hill. Christian, help us set the scene. Who was there tonight? Oh, it was a packed house, Laura. Yeah, great to be with you this evening. President Trump addressed the nation with a packed house and Senate in the room, at least to start several Democrats left early. Also there, Elon Musk and dozens of federal workers recently fired by his department. America is back. Tonight, in front of a deeply divided Congress and nation, President Trump touted his administration's first six weeks back in office. The speech halted less than 10 minutes in for this. House Speaker Mike Johnson standing alongside Vice President J.D. Vance ordering the sergeant of arms to escort Texas Representative Al Green out of the chamber. Republicans trying to drown Democrats' protests with chants of USA. Hours before Trump's address, sweeping new tariffs kicked in against goods from Mexico, Canada and China, which combined account for almost half of the products shipped to the U.S. last year. The tariffs could drive costs up on things like gas, groceries and cars. Trump tonight doubling down. Other countries have used tariffs against us for decades and now it's our turn to start using them against those other countries. April 2nd, reciprocal tariffs kick in and whatever they tariff us, other countries, we will tariff them. Invited in the House chamber, Elon Musk, whose Department of Government Efficiency has been slashing the federal workforce. Trump called Musk out by name, prompting a standing ovation from Republicans. He didn't need this. Invited by several Democratic Congress members, dozens of fired federal workers representing agencies that include the National Park Service, the Department of Agriculture and Veterans Affairs. And Republicans control both chambers of Congress. They're tasked right now with fulfilling Trump's legislative agenda and averting a government shutdown just days away. That's March 14th. We're live on Capitol Hill. I'm Cristian Cordero. Laura, back to you. Yeah, I know it's been a long, busy night. Lost to track. Certainly an impactful first 100 days. Cristian Cordero, thank you. While many applauded the president's bold claims, reactions from both sides of the aisle remain polarized. We talked with a Democratic delegate tonight. He pointed to troubling examples of misinformation that seem to be part of a broader pattern of misleading rhetoric. I key person, the one that stuck out for me the longest is the worst, I guess, is the when he's talking about the Doge looking for social security number references, right? All these fake people that have been alive for 200 years. There was news stories on that. What that was is that the Doge people are misinterpreting the numbers that were shown to them. We don't have thousands of people that are 200 years old. Nonetheless, this is typical of Donald Trump. He'll take something that is not correct. A Republican spokesperson for the assembly, Craig DeLuz, says the president talked about issues that affect Americans and Democrats should work with him to find solutions. Contrary to popular belief, Donald Trump is not an ideologue. He is a person who wants to make a deal. And if I were Democrats, I would be thinking, what is it that I desire? What policies would I like to see put in place that I'm willing to support the things that the president wants? That's not unheard of. That's how Ronald Reagan became known as one of the best presidents of my lifetime. We streamed the president's address and the Democratic response live on the ABC 10 plus TV streaming app. If you missed anything or just want to watch the speeches again, you can find them on the home page of the free ABC 10 plus streaming app downloaded for free on your TV.